Congratulations.
This royal family is also the first to meet the bright moon.
Thank you, Master Zheng.
Let's rejoice.
I ask the owners for more support.
Royal family.
The king will do his best.
Help the royal family achieve their career
You stand with the king today.
The king will not forget your help.
If another day is
Haha, I will definitely let you share in the great glory.
The slaves must try their best.
Do your best for the Kingdom.
It's dead.
Ha ha ha ha
Invite the princess to sit down.
This country woman, what is she doing?
Before when she was in Su s house, she used to tear off the sacred thread.
Is there something terrible going on today?
Lee Hye Ning is a
You're just a rural woman.
How dare you do that in front of your majesty?